README.md, before:

# Dummy Products

A sample project demonstrating the use of Jetpack Compose, MVMM, Clean Architecture, Unit testing, Hilt, and Navigation in a real-world Android app.

## Features
- Jetpack Compose: A modern, declarative UI toolkit for building Android apps
- MVMM: A robust architecture pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers
- Clean Architecture: A software design pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers, such as the presentation, domain, and data layers.
- Unit testing: A suite of tests to ensure the correctness of the application
- Hilt: A dependency injection library for Android that can be used to manage dependencies between different parts of the application
- Navigation: A powerful navigation library for Android that simplifies the process of navigating between different screens in the app

## Clean Architecture
Clean Architecture is a software design pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers. This can help to make the code more maintainable and testable. In this project, we use Clean Architecture to separate the presentation, domain, and data layers.

The presentation layer is responsible for displaying data to the user and handling user input. The domain layer contains the business logic of the application and the data layer is responsible for retrieving and storing data.

By using Clean Architecture, we can ensure that the different layers of the application are independent and can be tested and developed separately.

## Usage

To use this project, clone the repository and import it into Android Studio. You will also need to set up a local development environment for Jetpack Compose, as well as the latest version of the Android SDK.

## Additional Resources

- [Clean Architecture with Jetpack Compose](https://medium.com/@macxtor410/clean-architecture-with-jetpack-compose-19e4fc6d4ff1) - a medium post that explains the use of Clean Architecture with Jetpack Compose in more detail.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update the tests as appropriate.

Commit message:

add circle ci information on readme page.

README.md, after:

# Dummy Products

A sample project demonstrating the use of Jetpack Compose, MVMM, Clean Architecture, Unit testing, Hilt, and Navigation in a real-world Android app.

## Features
- Jetpack Compose: A modern, declarative UI toolkit for building Android apps
- MVMM: A robust architecture pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers
- Clean Architecture: A software design pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers, such as the presentation, domain, and data layers.
- Unit testing: A suite of tests to ensure the correctness of the application
- Hilt: A dependency injection library for Android that can be used to manage dependencies between different parts of the application
- Navigation: A powerful navigation library for Android that simplifies the process of navigating between different screens in the app

## Clean Architecture
Clean Architecture is a software design pattern that separates the concerns of the application into different layers. This can help to make the code more maintainable and testable. In this project, we use Clean Architecture to separate the presentation, domain, and data layers.

The presentation layer is responsible for displaying data to the user and handling user input. The domain layer contains the business logic of the application and the data layer is responsible for retrieving and storing data.

By using Clean Architecture, we can ensure that the different layers of the application are independent and can be tested and developed separately.

## Continuous Integration with CircleCI

We use [CircleCI](https://circleci.com/) for continuous integration of this project. Every time a pull request is opened or code is pushed to the repository, CircleCI automatically runs a build and runs all the tests. Only if the build passes, the pull request will be able to be merged.

## Usage

To use this project, clone the repository and import it into Android Studio. You will also need to set up a local development environment for Jetpack Compose, as well as the latest version of the Android SDK.

## Additional Resources

- [Clean Architecture with Jetpack Compose](https://medium.com/@macxtor410/clean-architecture-with-jetpack-compose-19e4fc6d4ff1) - a medium post that explains the use of Clean Architecture with Jetpack Compose in more detail.

## Contributing

Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update the tests as appropriate.
